README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/33969250-c7b4-45da-9e5a-af9f6021ec27

## ⚠️ Important: Environment Setup Required

**The application will show a blank screen without proper environment setup.**

Before running the application, you **MUST** set up your environment variables:

1. **Copy the example environment file:**
   ```sh
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

2. **Add your Supabase credentials to the `.env` file:**
   - `VITE_SUPABASE_URL`: Your Supabase project URL
   - `VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`: Your Supabase anonymous key

3. **Find these values in your Supabase project dashboard:**
   - Go to Settings > API in your Supabase dashboard
   - Copy the Project URL and anon/public key

4. **Restart the development server after creating the `.env` file**

**Without these environment variables, the application will display an error screen with setup instructions.**

## Role-Based Architecture

This project is structured with role-based code splitting for optimal performance:

### Directory Structure
- `src/pages/guest/*` - Guest-specific pages (bookings, signup)
- `src/pages/host/*` - Host-specific pages (dashboard, property management)
- `src/pages/admin/*` - Admin-specific pages (user management, system setup)
- `src/common/components/*` - Shared components across all roles

### Multiple Entry Points
The application supports separate builds for each user role:

- **Guest Portal**: `guest.html` - Includes public pages and guest features
- **Host Portal**: `host.html` - Host dashboard and property management
- **Admin Portal**: `admin.html` - Administrative features and system management
- **Main App**: `index.html` - Combined application (default)

### Build Commands
```sh
# Development (loads all features)
npm run dev

# Build all entry points
npm run build

# Preview built application
npm run preview
```

Each entry point loads only the code needed for that specific user role, improving performance and reducing bundle size.

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/33969250-c7b4-45da-9e5a-af9f6021ec27) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/33969250-c7b4-45da-9e5a-af9f6021ec27) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)

Commit message:

Add secure SMTP settings management

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/33969250-c7b4-45da-9e5a-af9f6021ec27

## ⚠️ Important: Environment Setup Required

**The application will show a blank screen without proper environment setup.**

Before running the application, you **MUST** set up your environment variables:

1. **Copy the example environment file:**
   ```sh
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

2. **Add your Supabase credentials to the `.env` file:**
   - `VITE_SUPABASE_URL`: Your Supabase project URL
   - `VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`: Your Supabase anonymous key
   - `SMTP_HOST`: SMTP server host
   - `SMTP_PORT`: SMTP server port (e.g. 465)
   - `SMTP_USER`: Username for sending emails
   - `SMTP_PASS`: Password for the SMTP user
   - `SMTP_SECURE`: `true` to use TLS/SSL

3. **Find these values in your Supabase project dashboard:**
   - Go to Settings > API in your Supabase dashboard
   - Copy the Project URL and anon/public key

4. **Restart the development server after creating the `.env` file**

5. **Configure SMTP in the admin portal**
   - Open the Admin portal and navigate to **Settings > Email**.
   - Enter your SMTP credentials and an admin notification address.
   - Click **Send Test Email** to verify the configuration.

**Without these environment variables, the application will display an error screen with setup instructions.**

## Role-Based Architecture

This project is structured with role-based code splitting for optimal performance:

### Directory Structure
- `src/pages/guest/*` - Guest-specific pages (bookings, signup)
- `src/pages/host/*` - Host-specific pages (dashboard, property management)
- `src/pages/admin/*` - Admin-specific pages (user management, system setup)
- `src/common/components/*` - Shared components across all roles

### Multiple Entry Points
The application supports separate builds for each user role:

- **Guest Portal**: `guest.html` - Includes public pages and guest features
- **Host Portal**: `host.html` - Host dashboard and property management
- **Admin Portal**: `admin.html` - Administrative features and system management
- **Main App**: `index.html` - Combined application (default)

### Build Commands
```sh
# Development (loads all features)
npm run dev

# Build all entry points
npm run build

# Preview built application
npm run preview
```

Each entry point loads only the code needed for that specific user role, improving performance and reducing bundle size.

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/33969250-c7b4-45da-9e5a-af9f6021ec27) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/33969250-c7b4-45da-9e5a-af9f6021ec27) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)
